Neo4j
Copyright © 2002-2012 Network Engine for Objects in Lund AB (referred to
in this notice as “Neo Technology”)
   [http://neotechnology.com]

This product includes software ("Software") developed by Neo Technology.

The copyright in the bundled Neo4j graph database (including the
Software) is owned by Neo Technology. The Software developed and owned
by Neo Technology is licensed under the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
Version 3 (http://www.fsf.org/licensing/licenses/gpl-3.0.html) ("GPL")
to all third parties and that license, as required by the GPL, is
included in the LICENSE.txt file.

However, if you have executed an End User Software License and Services
Agreement or an OEM Software License and Support Services Agreement, or
another commercial license agreement with Neo Technology or one of its
affiliates (each, a "Commercial Agreement"), the terms of the license in
such Commercial Agreement will supersede the GPL and you may use the
software solely pursuant to the terms of the relevant Commercial
Agreement.


Third party libraries
---------------------

Full license texts are found in LICENSES.txt.


The  bundled JAX-RS  (JSR311) API  is licensed  under the  GNU General
Public  License  Version 2  with  classpath exception.   Alternatively
under the Common Development and Distribution License, version 1.1.

The bundled Jersey library, containing Jersey Core, Jersey Server, and
Jersey  Client,  is licensed  under  the  GNU  General Public  License
Version 2  with classpath  exception.  Alternatively under  the Common
Development and Distribution License, version 1.1.

The Mime  streaming plugin library  is licensed under the  GNU General
Public  License  Version 2  with  classpath exception.   Alternatively
under the Common Development and Distribution License, version 1.0.

The Bouncy Castle encryption library is licensed under a modified version
of the MIT X11 licence.

Other bundled libraries are licenced according to the following listing.

The Apache Software License, Version 2.0:
 Apache ServiceMix :: Bundles :: lucene,
 Apache Commons:
  Commons BeanUtils, Commons BeanUtils Core, Commons Collections, Commons IO,
  Commons Configuration, Commons Digester, Commons Lang, Commons Logging,
 Apache Log4j,
 Apache Felix:   Felix FileInstall, Felix Framework, Felix Main,
 ConcurrentLinkedHashMap,
 JSON.simple,
 RRD4J,
 Geronimo Java Transaction API,
 Groovy,
 Jackson:   Jackson Core, Jackson JAX-RS, Data Mapper for Jackson,
 Jansi,
 Jetty:  Jetty, Jetty Util, Jetty Servlet Specification API,

MIT License:
 SLF4J API Module, SLF4J Log4j-12 Binding, SLF4J JDK1.4 Logging Binding,
 SLF4J Jakarta Commons Logging Binding,
 Base64.js,
 jTemplates,
 jQuery,
 jQuery BBQ,
 jQuery hashchange event,
 SimpleModal,
 jQuery flot including colorhelpers

BSD licence:
 ASM:   ASM Core, ASM Tree, ASM Commons, ASM Util, ASM Analysis,
 JLine, Scala library

provided without support or warranty: JSON (JavaScript Object Notation)

Creative Commons Attribution:
 Glyphish icons

Public domain:
 Dough Lea's util.concurrent package,
 ANTLR 2.7.7,
 JSON2.js
 Tango icons
